Name: Lisa Gieng
Email: lisa_gieng@student.uml.edu

Assignment 3: Pacific Trails Resort
http://weblab.cs.uml.edu/~lgieng/hw3/index.html

I had a lot of trouble starting this assignment. I initially began
using W3Schools to create a sidebar navigation. I thought this the
perfect way to get started. I had styled everything perfectly except 
for one thing: I could not get the sidebar background to stay the
same height as the content when I resized my window. I was giving
it fixed values of 80%, which on my screen on a full window appeared
correct, but resized was completely incorrect. I also had to give
the sidebar a position, which ultimatley ended up being absolute.
The assignment documentation states that I'm probably heading in the
wrong direction if I use absolute or relative values. I continued on
with it though, as I did not want my work to go to waste. I was so 
close.
After about 3 hours of researching different ways to go about it, I
gave up and just started over on a clean copy of the CSS. I went 
about things a different way this time, and attempted to create 2
columns with a header. This was not correct as well, as I could not
contain all of the body content to the right column. I then came
across a documentation on how to use float. I created a wrapper and
then I used this to stick the nav ul content to the left side. From 
there, I looked up ways to keep the sidebar background at the same
height as the content again. I came across a resource that would
hide overflow on a wrapper. 
Another issue I had was the background for the header. I was 
stretching the background image to fit behind the text. I could not
understand how to make it like the original image. I then played with
the size and realized it is stuck to the right of the header box and
then the left is colored in. I used a color picker to get the hex
code for the color.
I believe I have replicated the original almost perfectly except for
some extremely minor details. 